.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH POLL 1 "poll" "18 February 2006" "Husky - Portable Fidonet Software"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
poll \- program to do poll FTN system
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B poll
<address> [deldlc] [flavour]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B poll
command.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics, 
.\" respectively.
The tool \fBpoll\fP may be used to create a poll to any FTN system what is
listed or not listed in your fidoconfig.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B <address>
Address of the FTN-system to poll.
.TP
.B [deldlc]
The "deldlc" string is used to delete mailer's hold flags and call counters
(.$$o for Binkley, .sts for ifcico/t-mail/qico/binkd, .hld for binkd).
.TP
.B [flavour]
Flavour may be:
.br
- "immediate"
.br
- "crash"
.br
- "normal"
.br
- "direct"
.br
- "hold"
.br
.SH AUTHOR
All Husky-Software is written by various developers. For detailed information
about the Husky-Team take a look at http://husky.sourceforge.net/team.html.
.PP
This manual page was written by Pavel Andreew <sfpavel@users.sourceforge.net>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
