.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH SEND 1 "send" "18 February 2006" "Husky - Portable Fidonet Software"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
send \- program to attach file to FTN system
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B send
<address> [flavour] <file>
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B send
command.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics, 
.\" respectively.
The tool \fBsend\fP may be used to attach any file to any FTN system
what is listed or not listed in your fidoconfig.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B <address>
Address of the FTN-system to send.
.TP
.B [flavour]
Flavour may be:
.br
- "immediate"
.br
- "crash"
.br
- "normal"
.br
- "direct"
.br
- "hold"
.TP
.B <file>
Pathname of the file.
.br
.SH AUTHOR
All Husky-Software is written by various developers. For detailed information
about the Husky-Team take a look at http://husky.sourceforge.net/team.html.
.PP
This manual page was written by Pavel Andreew <sfpavel@users.sourceforge.net>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
